sip_listen        0.0.0.0:5060
sip_transports    udp,tcp
rtp_stats         yes
rtp_timeout       30
audio_path        /usr/share/baresip

module_path       /usr/lib64/baresip/modules
module            stdio.so
module            auconv.so
module            auresamp.so
module            pulse.so
module            srtp.so
module            opus.so
module            amr.so
module            g7221.so
module            g722.so
module            g726.so
module            g711.so
module            mpa.so
module            aac.so
module            codec2.so
module_app        account.so
module_app        contact.so
module_app        debug_cmd.so
module_app        menu.so

opus_application  voip
opus_complexity   7
opus_stereo       no
opus_sprop_stereo no
opus_bitrate      32000
opus_inbandfec    no
opus_dtx          no
